after I do the market Pulse, and then I click on scanner, it's like I have to scroll back up to the top. Until after I scroll back up to the top, and then I scan, then it shows me the stocks and I scroll through the stocks. And then I click on send it to option strategist, or if I just click over to option strategist, once again, I got to scroll the screen back down. So I'm assuming that the way it's set up, it's set up as if it's like one page or something. So if I scroll all the way up on the market Pulse, when I switch over to the scanner, it's like the page is still scrolled up in that same position. Then if I switch over to the option strategist, it's that the page is still scrolled from that same position. I need you to put some kind of rule that after I leave, after I leave the market, after I leave any page, when I go to the next page, it automatically snaps back to the top, unless I have already ran a stock scan or if I have already ran an option strategist and there's already results. And then the page can stay wherever it's at. But if I'm just starting from wherever and I have not ran any results, when I click on that tab, when I click on that sub-tab for option strategist or scanner or for post, that page, if no results have already been ran and I wasn't already scrolling through it, it should be at the top. The header of that page should be showing when I open it. One other thing, after I do a scan and I get a stock, if I click send to strategist, when I go over to the strategist, I do see the ticker there, but that is partly because the way the system is set up, but the analyze button is grayed out. And I guess it's grayed out because, I guess because I didn't type anything, so it's grayed out. So if you can check that, why it's grayed out, fix it. If I click send to strategist from the scanner, that button shouldn't be grayed out. It should be ready to use, so check the log, see why it's doing that. Also, I gave you a screenshot of the option strategist. Any stock that I type in right there, it auto-populates before I even hit enter. Matter of fact, it just auto-populates, so I don't even need to hit enter. The only thing I'll need to do is hit analyze if I like the stock. But along with the auto-populating, it needs to auto-populate the IBR, the PCE. I'm sorry, the PC, the put call ratio.